feat: render nested metadata as yaml (#26971)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/eight-cougars-collect.md

---
'@backstage/core-components': patch
---

> better rendering of nested data; rendered as yaml now

Reviewer: `StructuredMetadataTable` now renders data as yaml, improving readability.

> better rendering of nested data; rendered as yaml now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`StructuredMetadataTable` now renders data as yaml, improving readability.
```

> `StructuredMetadataTable` now renders data as yaml, improving readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added option to `StructuredMetadataTable` to render data as yaml.
```
